docs: Add docs for SSH Keys and Cloud Provider Credentials (#541)
devopness/devopness: docs/README.md

1. Are defined as `Markdown` files
2. Use front-matter headers
3. Add `title` to the front-matter headers

# Documentation guidelines
## What to document?
We should document use cases that will help our users on achieve success on their tasks while using Devopness platform.

## How to document?
Step by step. Each step should be clear, with a short sentence.
If a process is long, break it down into multiple small steps.
That will help the reader to understand each step without pressure, then breath, then move on to the next step.

## What should NOT be included in the documentation?

> 1. Do not go to deep into business rules that are already validated and communicated by the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Do not go too deep into business rules that are already validated and communicated by the API
```

> As Devopness product is built with an API-first approach and also we thrive for keeping API responses and validation messages easy to be understood by machines and humans alike, there's no need to repeat ourselves in the docs explaining which field values are valid or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as Devopness product is built with an API-first approach. We strive for keeping API responses and validation messages easily understood by machines and humans alike, there's no need to repeat ourselves in the docs explaining which field values are valid or not.
```

It is Devopness API responsibility to communicate the validation rules to the end users in a clear way, so that should not require extra documentation to explain API messages.

> - We might, however, want to produce `Overview` or `Deep dive` articles to conceptually guide users through complex use cases, but that falls beyond the traditional use cases step by step approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We might, however, want to produce `Overview` or `Deep dive` articles to conceptually guide users through complex use cases, but that falls beyond the traditional step by step approach.
```

Author: @renan-bg what about?
```suggestion
- We might, however, want to produce `Overview` or `Deep dive` articles to conceptually give users detailed explanation on specific topics that fall beyond the more common use-case-based step by step.
```
